---
description: >-
  Dastra's AI Assistant uses the power of OpenAI GPT-4 AI to automatically
  generate records of data processing activities.
---

# AI Assistant (beta)

## What can Dastra be used for?&#x20;

With Dastra, you can use AI for two main purposes:&#x20;

### Generate data processing&#x20;

Quickly generate data processing in the format expected by Dastra, based on a rapid description of your processing activity. Based on the described use of the data, Dastra will propose a processing model including a name, one or more datasets with fields, a retention period, security measures, recipients and a processing description.&#x20;

In no time at all, you'll be up and running. Do you have a modification to make to what is proposed? Edit the processing once it's been created.&#x20;

### Generate assets&#x20;

Quickly generate assets (such as software) in the format expected by Dastra. The AI will suggest a name, provide links to the actor's privacy policy and create an actor as an editor. Save time and let the AI pre-fill this information for you.

{% embed url="https://files.gitbook.com/v0/b/gitbook-x-prod.appspot.com/o/spaces%2F-LvBxs22wUMicv9uWp6C-2584506019%2Fuploads%2F3LnwYaR0wxVm1itxA4XH%2Fia-gpt-dastra.mp4?alt=media&token=ba3d66f4-e290-4215-83ec-7a2f91641d39" %}

{% hint style="warning" %}
**What should I do if I don't want this feature in my account?**&#x20;

If you don't want this option to be available in your workspace, you can [contact us](https://www.dastra.eu/en/contacts) so that we can deactivate the functionality for your organisation.
{% endhint %}

## How does it work?

Dastra uses the **OpenAI GPT 3.5 boost** AI model (Model of [ChatGPT](https://chat.openai.com/)) provided by the [OpenAI service hosted on Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/fr-fr/products/cognitive-services/openai-service). The model used is pre-trained. **We do not transfer any data from your organisation** in order to train this artificial intelligence.

Dastra simply uses the power of GPT's generative AI to generate content from simple text queries. Dastra has simply provided the expected document model (JSON) and an example of data processing (from our library) that we want to have and the AI model takes care of the rest.&#x20;

We only transfer the text of the prompt that you are going to send to the AI.



{% hint style="info" %}
**Warning about the quality of the suggested content**\
\
The data generated by the wizard are **suggestions only**. It is necessary to reread and update the information generated automatically by the wizard. Dastra makes no commitment as to the quality of the information suggested.
{% endhint %}

Dastra **does not transfer any data** from your workspace to the AI service. Text queries and results from the :&#x20;

* **are NOT available to other clients.**&#x20;
* **are NOT available to OpenAI.**&#x20;
* **are NOT used to improve OpenAI models.**&#x20;
* **are NOT used to automatically improve Azure OpenAI models** for your use in your resource (models are stateless unless you explicitly refine the models with your training data).

\
For more information on how this model works, go to [this page](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/cognitive-services/openai/data-privacy).

{% hint style="info" %}

{% endhint %}
